Single Annotator Active Learning example (#46)
cleanlab/examples: README.md

| 9   | [fasttext_amazon_reviews](fasttext_amazon_reviews/fasttext_amazon_reviews.ipynb)                         | Finding label errors in Amazon Reviews text dataset using a cleanlab-compatible [FastText model](https://github.com/cleanlab/cleanlab/blob/master/cleanlab/models/fasttext.py).                                                                                                    |
| 10   | [multiannotator_cifar10](multiannotator_cifar10/multiannotator_cifar10.ipynb)                                             | Iteratively improve consensus labels and trained classifier from data labeled by multiple annotators.                                                            |
| 11  | [active_learning_multiannotator](active_learning_multiannotator/active_learning.ipynb)                                             | Improve model performance by iteratively collecting additional labels from annotators. This active learning pipeline allows for examples labeled in batches by multiple annotators.                                                             |

> | 12  | [active_learning_single_annotator](active_learning_single_annotator/active_learning_single_annotator.ipynb)                                             | Improve model performance by iteratively collecting additional labeled examples. This active learning pipeline allows for examples labeled in batches with one label per example.                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 12  | [active_learning_single_annotator](active_learning_single_annotator/active_learning_single_annotator.ipynb)                                             | Improve a  classifier model by iteratively labeling additional examples in batches.  This follows a standard active learning pipeline with at most one label collected for each example (unlike our multi-annotator active learning notebook).                                                            |
```
